Fix acceptance test bugs (#257)
AY2223S2-CS2103T-W12-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

With its easy-to-use **text-based interface** and contact management features, say goodbye to manual record-keeping and hello to a more efficient and organised way of managing the volunteers’ and elderly’s contact details.

----------------------------------------------------
## Before you Begin

Please read this section before skipping to specific parts ahead.

### How to use this User Guide

> This guide aims to quickly gets you started to use and navigate FriendlyLink.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide aims to quickly get you started in using and navigating FriendlyLink.
```

If your changes to the data file makes its format invalid, FriendlyLink will discard all data and start with an empty data file at the next run.
</div>

--------------------------------------------------
## Coming Soon

The following features are planned for the coming update
* Edit pair by index
* Add pair by index

> * Delete elderly, volunteer and pairs by index

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Delete elderly, volunteers and pairs by index
```
